Glenn Long - Senior Software Engineer
07/01/2022

Care

Mick takes time to analyze and plan. He’s meticulous when coding and asks good questions showing his comprehension and desire to improve.
His design plans and tests are thorough and complete.

Connect

Mick immediately connected with the team while mentoring with us. He showed the compassion and ability to take on increasing responsibility and more complex tasks.
He’s working with multiple OA consumers and teams while making changes to APIs and his communication and code changes have been executed to improve security
without disruption of current business processes.

Create

Mick is writing OA object-oriented code that is on par with our AMP Software Engineers after just a short period of mentoring.
He is creating unit tests to confirm accuracy to requirements, and profiling the code for indexing efficiency and performance.

Deliver

Mick’s effort to improve OA API security are ongoing with several already in place protecting 10’s of thousands of requests per day.
He’s also completed work to better monitor our systems by leaning on his experience from his original team and
provide insight into business processes so he’s also mentoring our Engineers!

Grow

Mick has a strong desire to learn and grow.  Study and learn more about coding.
Spending time mentoring with others that are doing what you believe you want to do is a great opportunity for you right now so take advantage of it to the fullest.
Don’t be afraid to experiment and learn what works for you while observing the different ways to solve engineering problems.

Summary

It’s a pleasure working with Mick and I look forward to seeing him develop into a highly skilled
Software Engineer that can solve real world business problems and provide solutions to better serve our clients.



Chris Wilder - Software Engineer
07/26/2022

I've had the opportunity to work with Mick a lot during the first half of this year and one ante he has absolutely embodied is Grow. 
We began the year together as part of a mentorship program and he has since embedded on our team for the Summer. 
During that time he's been faced with many different projects using a wide range of technologies that he was completely unfamiliar with.
He didn't hesitate at all to jump right in and get involved, asking questions and learning as much as possible along the way. 
It's clear that he has a drive to learn and grow every day and he has already been a valuable asset to our team.



Cameron Davis - Software Engineer
07/06/2022

Been seeing less of Mick the past few months now that he's rocking out in the API world. 
But whenever I talk with him, it seems like it's having a fantastic impact on him. 
He's picking up a lot over there it seems, but also he's delving into some self-teaching, picking up some books and looking into new languages and frameworks. 
He seems genuinely excited about the stuff he's working on.
Programming is a very wide, deep, and complex field. 
Personally, I think for people to really succeed in it they have to have a passion for it, along with a natural curiosity to go out and learn and expand their horizons.
I think developing that attitude is the difference between someone comfortably settling into mediocrity/burning out, and becoming a real powerhouse.
I see that spark in Mick nowadays when I talk with him. I have good hopes for Mick. It's still a long, really, unending journey, but he seems set on the right path.
I haven't been watching his actual work over there closely, so I can't speak to the quality of it currently,
but from the feeling I get, I look forward to working with him again in the future. 
Hopefully the other SE's can get as much out of their time on other teams as Mick seems to be getting.



Vincent Stuckey - Team Leader
06/29/2022

Leader Rating

Rating
Exceeds Expectations

Rating Description
• You demonstrate the behaviors for all the Antes To Succeed and often go beyond expectations. 
• You set the pace for performance. 
• Your work elevates your own team and those beyond your team.

Care:

You have worked really hard at improving your skills since the start of the year. 
There have been times where you were needed to make fixes to Orb, and we both know there is not much documentation that is available to walk you through the needed steps. 
We were finally able to connect you with one of Ravi’s engineers and then you were able to connect with Keymasters. 
You were able to make the needed changes to the ORB code so that we could move it off of Sonic Log Acceptor to Splunk. 
It was not the easiest project to get through, but you kept working until you had all of the answers and executed.

Create:

There have not been a ton of opportunities on Shield for you to create new things, but you have done well with everything we have given you. 
One thing I want to give you credit for is you being adaptable and flexible as we as a leadership group have grown and learned how to better level up our SEs.
Now that you have been embedded with Space Mountain, I am sure you will have a lot more opportunity to start creating versus replacing as you move forward.

Connect:

Coming from the BSS world, you have a perspective that not all of our engineers have. You can place yourself in their shoes as you come from that world. 
That played a big part in working out the kinks in the processes between the SEs and BSSs when we worked through what info was needed and how the ticket process worked. 
You have also made a strong connection with your mentor and his team. I constantly see you on a call with them or chatting in teams. 
You are making great usage of your embedding and mentorship to level yourself up.

Deliver:

You went through CPA earlier this year and when the feedback did not go the way that we had hoped, however instead of feeling bad for yourself,
you became even more determined and have worked twice as hard since getting the feedback to make sure you are gaining more knowledge.
You have also delivered on a number of projects this year. Moving Orb off of Sonic Log Acceptor onto Splunk. 
Stepping in to try to make the same changes for Xbert while Bonner was out. 
You have also worked on a Hack Week project with Space Mountain that went really well and I have heard nothing but positive feedback with you.

Grow:

I cannot speak to how much you have grown in just the last 6 months. 
You have always had an amazing attitude about things, but you have been even more impressive the last few months. 
Seeing you get comfortable being uncomfortable has been a pleasure to see.
